(DOCSP-28947) Add docs release notes for w/e April 07 (#2721)
mongodb/docs-realm: docs-release-notes.md

# April 07, 2023

## Kotlin SDK

- Add new Custom User Data page
- Update information architecture
  - Create new Manage Users section and migrate relevant content from the App Services
  section.
  - Restructure the App Services section.
  - Restructure the Sync section.
  - Restructure the Model data section.

## .NET SDK

- Add code and explanation for new Sync Timeout options and handling events that
  timeout.

## React Native SDK

- Lots of small updates to content and code examples to make them easier to read
  and follow.
- Refactor examples to use `realm.create(objectType, {...})` instead of calling
  the model class with `new ObjectType(realm, {...})`.
- Add information about TypeScript and required properties for object models.
- Update references to the Expo template so that they go to the latest version.

## Other

> - Checked all images and updated those that were outdated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Review all images and update those that were outdated.
```
